This is a GUI on matlab.

Problem : If user 1 is in the mode of following the heart, and LED of user 2 is controlled in blinking mode, then there would be some influence
	  between these two LEDS.

Solutions that can be tied:
1. Change string: change a way to send code from matlab to arduino which is more straightforward than before. The code is like 'RGBFf', which corresponding to 
   red(value as 0 or 1),green(value as 0 or 1),blue(value as 0 or 1),Follow(following the heart beat or not)(value as 0 or 1),frequency (value as 0~5).
2. Use PWM on hardware(arduino) directly to control the frequency of LED. In this way, we will not use software to control the frequency, so there
   won't be any influence to the frequency of blinking. 
3. Discard the arduino script. Don't use the serial port to send string to arduino and decode the string on arduino controlling the LEDs. Use matlab to control
   the LEDs directly, which means, there would be only matlab code. This way would be more simplify. 

I decided to try the third way first, cause there would not have problem of communication through serial port. So I changed the matlab code a lot, named big_pivot.m

New problem after changing the Matlab code which controlls the arduino directly.
    Because I use several timers to control the frequency of blinking. So still when two users are in different mode, timer would block the control to arduino.
And from 'Connection Lost When Using Timer' in https://www.mathworks.com/help/supportpkg/arduinoio/ug/connection-and-communication-issues.html
we actually will meet problems when running timer, arduino and GUI at same time. So we need to change again.

Can't combine serial port and directly control together. Because arduino is only on one COM port and these two ways need communicate with same port, 
which can not be came true. 

Find other ways to solve this problem: we definitely can't use matlab directly to make both LED blinking and following heart rate worked. So there are some ways
to solve this:
1. Change back to the first step, try solution 1 and 2. 
2.See whether it's possibale to write two matlab scripts which split the timers and following heart rate. 